like to say that that that that that to
say that that that that that black good
morning just woke up a couple of minutes
ago
can't believe summers already over and
it's time for back-to-school and I
really can't go back to school looking
like this all my friends are gonna make
fun of me probably means some work here
need to shave this top of his head and I
need a nice back-to-school outfit so
today I'm gonna hire a professional
makeup artist to give me a glamorous
back-to-school Koloa it's not just for
you girls
those guys can do it too right Bros but
before I go meet her I need a a pump in
so I'm gonna go for a morning
[Music]
I'm walking to the makeup artists house
I'm gonna be her hopefully she can
transform me hey what's up guys so this
is the playground with all her makeup
[Music]
this is Sam alia it's actually because
she was doing makeup for actors like
really big actors in China what is the
rate you would charge for a hold a
consultation first celebrities it starts
anywhere from she's gonna give me a
complete makeover and make me look like
a kpop star so what are you doing right
now
[Music]
whoa so today you're gonna give me the
100 percent off friendly discount right
that's a pretty good deal I'm gonna keep
her for like five hours that's a good
deal
leave your sanctuary aka your wash so
right now we're walking to the mall to
Sephora because she said I need to get
some coverage so I'm buying a concealer
over there she knows everyone here
because she worked here before before
she became a professional makeup artist
Wow just straight to the point you know
exactly where it is yay now I can look
beautiful now we're on our way to fresh
you look at that with that tagline eat
energize exactly just so many
kado got corn the beans tomato chicken
and I got less sauce like every single
bike right now we're doing some skincare
right yes so we're gonna start with a
face mask because we're lazy and this
way we can wash it off in the shower
mm-hmm
what's this gonna do to me so this is
the vitamin nectar Maseo is going to
boost your rightness and even your
complexion
it feels very soothing yeah cool really
relaxing I like this this will usually
cost like around like a hundred dollars
maybe they're really like an actual
facial yeah so you just need a thin
layer and then you just got a chill for
about ten minutes until it dries and
then you can go take a shower
hmm what's that a timer for ten minutes
what are all the other products you
brought we have a toner which will help
even the pH of your skin so preventing
breakouts and then we have a serum which
is basically just like a more
concentrated moisturizer usually for
serum is where I'm learning so much yeah
so how's your dating life okay it's been
ten minutes now I'm gonna wash all this
off and see how Chloe my skin actually
is
[Music]
my face definitely feels more I would
say like moisturised because just a
little bit softer haven't shaved for a
couple of days oh I'm gonna do that too
welcome back yeah does it look more
glowy what do you think you look smooth
it's like a baby's butt I like beans I
don't about being an ass okay so since
you just washed your face we're going to
tone so this will just mattify but also
again forced or your skin's natural
peach so after that we'll go with a
serum hmm I like being caressed Sinkin
go in with moisturizer I hope you know
what you're doing what if I can't break
house the day after hurts kids always
wear protections for more than just SPF
in life do you feel moist like I'm not
gonna lie legit my face feels softer so
first debut bendy avocado concealer yeah
it was like 30 bucks yeah girl is
expensive oh I know right so we don't
need too much cuz just everyday I like
to start with a little bit under the
eyes too much editing so a lot of times
they don't do anything else you just
cover up your under-eye bags already
look a lot more awake oh attempt to look
up looks so stupid and then you can just
slightly add more where you think you
have more redness obviously you don't to
cover your entire face so I feel like
this would be enough for just like
back-to-school Justi even things out
Wow humbled flex I wouldn't say like oh
you have to do your eyebrows every day
so you can just hair like strokes kind
of alpha do you think girls like please
okay I'll go do my hair and then we can
regroup and pick out an outfit exactly
you got it
warming up in my hands messy but sexy my
back-to-school outfit what do you think
you can do like a darker outfit we can
do like black with their black pants or
I feel like this we can do it's like the
light denim jean - a cute jacket well I
mean okay one I want to make friends I
also want to meet girls I need something
a little bit in between okay well let's
not go with the Hawaiian looking shirt
this is like the first meeting and
that's like the first date you thinking
ahead we'll save this one for the dating
video yeah try it out let's see snap
your fingers magically change
[Music]
what do you think 8.50 that's almost
that's pretty good that's always an e no
it is a name of versity I think I look
pretty good probably like a man thank
you Sam Illya we had four hours together
so that would have been $800 plus of
facial which is another hundred and the
makeup everything all together it's
almost $1,000 thank you for not charging
me hard sir one in return go follow her
on Instagram it's gonna be right
subscribe for more back to school series
well hit the bell to be notified when
half the toast neck exactly follow me on
instagram i'll post outfit fix my name
is - cool and i will see you in the next
video peace
[Music]